hey guys where they've been here except
today we have an awesome awesome project
so one of my buddies he called me a bit
and said hey my dad has an old car in
garage he wants you to get it started
for long haul guess what it is it's a 56
Chevy two-door hardtop which is one of
the coolest cars you can ever buy but
I'm gonna make a little mini video
series on what I do beat it to run it's
not my car so sadly I can't take it home
with me
as you notice the garage is a little bit
different but it hasn't been run since
2001 but its original v8 car really has
does have any options no power steering
no power brakes and air conditioning
nothing like that but it's all there
complete the cool story about it is that
like the owner he actually bought it
back in the 70 or 500 bucks or restored
it with his dad which I can relate to
that that's a pretty cool story but does
back they they give these cars for cheap
now you probably spend 30 grand maybe
get a car like this running and driving
so I'm gonna go ahead and give a little
video to a really quick and we'll go
from there
all right here's a little short video of
the car so leave his original white and
copper color car and the 70 is a painted
black it also has a 283 from the 64
Chevy instead of the leave of 265 v8
that came in these cars but yeah hasn't
been run in a while so we'll make a
little few little videos on how to get
it to go but it's been the garage for a
long time
fairly rust free decent and 70 of the
original lacquer it's a pretty
period-correct car I tell you what even
the interior got the cool diamond tuck
and roll I used to be automatic was
changed to a three-speed on the floor
typical 70s
you just have to Kelly in haze mag
wheels on it as well
oh yeah it's an awesome awesome shape
and hopefully it'll be easy to get to
run the doors still shut like new so
first step in getting an old motor like
this is to run to make sure it turns
over one we did that to is to change the
oil so we're going to go ahead and do
that I'm not going to record that just
because you guys should know how to
change the oil
so we changed the oil the next thing I
like to do is pull the spark plugs and
take a look so I pulled this one out and
if you look at it I mean it's not oily
but it's in you know pretty decent shape
for what it is but yes new plugs are
definitely in order so just pull out of
a mountain and check them out make sure
there's no oil you know they don't look
that I found nothing like that so
there's that one also another thing you
can do is check between your old ones
new ones these ones there's a little bit
of difference between the new one and
the old one but honestly I don't think
they make these anymore
they look pretty old so but they'll fit
and then make sure your gaps correct I
believe these are 0.35 for the gap but
I'm gonna go ahead and do all all eight
of them and then after that we'll get
the battery itseif the motorized spark
turn it over and then add some gas also
the carburetor down there already
rebuilt so that should be ready to go